ASSIGNMENT ONE
1) The cover price of a book is $24.95, but bookstores
get a 40 percent discount. Shipping costs $3 for the first
copy and 75 cents for each additional copy. Calculate the
total wholesale costs for 60 copies.

2) You look at the clock and see that it is currently
14.00h. You set an alarm to go off 535 hours later.
At what time will the alarm go off? Write a program that
prints the answer. Hint: for the best solution, you will
need the modulo operator

3) Write code that can compute the surface of circle,
using the variables radius and pi = 3.14159. The formula,
in case you do not know, is radius times radius times pi.
Print the outcome of your program as follows: “The surface
area of a circle with radius ...is ...”

4) Write code that classifies a given amount of money
(which you store in a variable named amount), specified in
cents, as greater monetary units. Your code lists the
monetary equivalent in dollars (100 ct), quarters (25 ct),
dimes (10 ct), nickels (5 ct), and pennies (1 ct).
Your program should report the maximum number of dollars
that fit in the amount, then the maximum number of
quarters that fit in the remainder after you subtract
the dollars, then the maximum number of dimes that fit
in the remainder after you subtract the dollars and
quarters, and so on for nickels and pennies. The result
is that you express the amount as the minimum number of
coins needed.

5) Ask the user to enter three numbers. Then print the
largest, the smallest, and their average, rounded to 2
decimals

6) Grades are values between zero and 10 (both zero and
  10 included), and are always rounded to the nearest half
  point. To translate grades to the American style, 8.5 to
  10 become an “A,” 7.5 and 8 become a “B,” 6.5 and 7
	become a “C,” 5.5 and 6 become a “D,” and other
	grades become an “F.” Implement this translation,
	whereby you ask the user for a grade, and then give
	the American translation. If the user enters a grade
	lower than zero or higher than 10, just give an error
	message. You do not need to handle the user entering
	grades that do not end in .0 or .5, though you may do
	that if you like – in that case, if the user enters
	such an illegal grade, give an appropriate error message.

7) Ask the user to supply a string. Print how many
different vowels there are in the string. The capital
version of a lower case vowel is considered to be the
same vowel. y is not considered a vowel. Try to print
nice output (e.g., printing “There are 1 different
vowels in the string” is ugly). Example: When the user
enters the string “It’s Owl Stretching Time,” the program
should say that there are 3 different vowels in the
string.
